HAXM support
------------

This is an EXPERIMENTAL patch for NTVDMx64. It tries to speed up the VM by not
using the emulated CCPU, but instead using the Intel VT-X virtualisation 
features to run code.

Prerequisites
-------------
You need the special Intel HAXM driver that I built for use with NTVDM. It 
needs support for BOPping and memory address translation.
It is available at 

https://github.com/leecher1337/haxm/tree/ntvdm

However currently not all functions that the modified driver includes are 
available in this repository, so for now, you are better off with taking
the compiled driver from haxm subdirectory.
Of course the prerequisites of HAXM apply, so you need an Intel CPU with
the VT-X feature available. The CPU needs to have the ability to run in UG
(unrestricted guest) mode, some old Intel CPUs may not be capable of this.
The installation and start of the HAXM driver is described lateron.
Also, as I don't have a code signing certificate,this will only work if 
your system is running in test mode and is therefore able to run unsigned
drivers.

Limitations
-----------
DPMI suport may work badly, but at least it works for simple applications.

Graphic output currently is a bit weird, depending on the application
(but some applications work), so it will only work properly with text mode 
applications.
These limitations are due to the following problems and if you have a solution
for them, I'd be interested to see your patches:
HAXM provides the possibility to call back into the Hypervisor, if there is
memory/port access to a memory area that i.e. belongs to an emulated device, 
like the VGA adapter. This is useful and desirable, as memory access to an 
adapter needs to get handled by the adapter emulation.
However the process of switching between CPU and hypervisor on every access
significally slows down the emulation, as there always needs to be a huge chunk
of code to be run for switching. I.e. take a loop where text mode memory gets
filled with characters or gets copied: On every byte being read or written, 
there is a switch between hypervisor and virtual machine.
When trying to execute a text mode application for instance, you can try this
out by setting the VIDEO_STRATEGY define to 3 in v86\haxm\i386\monitorp.h and 
you will see that if you start edit.com for instance, the screen output works 
but is incredibly slow, a lot slower than using the CCPU, so there is no 
more point for using the VT-x accelleration.
In order to speed this up at least a bit, we make use of the same strategy
that the V86 MONITOR uses: In textmode, the data that gets written to the MMIO
area is the same on reading and writing, so no special planar treatment is 
needed for emulation.
A copy buffer named haxm_videocmp_copy gets used and the video memory is
connected as normal memory to let the application write to and on every transition
from HAXM to NTVDM hypervisor, the difference to the last call is being synced
into the virtual video adapter.
For a detailed graphic about this, please have a look at sas.c function 
hax_set_ram.
This somewhat works, but for planar graphics access, it obviously doesn't, so
you are far better off with the classic CCPU for this type of applications.
Normal V86 NTVDM itself did graphics only in fullscreen so that the application
could write to the card directly, most likely for the same reasons.

There are also issues with the timer, timer tick checking doesn't seem to work
in these builds for some applications leading to invalid results when profiling, 
i.e. using a CPU speed tester or just measuring execution time. The reason for 
this has to be investigated further.

The performance improvements largely depend on the application, but at least
on some operations, we get better performance than with the slow CCPU (i.e.
testing datasets in a database), however we still don't reach V86 mode 32bit
NTVDM preformance. Therefore it's questionable if HAXM support should be developed
any further. If somebody is interested in it, you are invited to improve these
patches to make it stable. You'll need YODA debugger in order to analyze the
issues.

Also, HAXM currently does not currently support WOW32 applications, so if you want
to run them, you will need to compile NTVDMx64 using CCPU.

Compilation
-----------
The patches are applied automatically on execution of main patch.cmd
The only difference is that you have to run bld-haxm.cmd (respectively
bld-haxm-minnt.cmd for MINNT repository) instead of bld.cmd (respectively
bld-minnt.cmd) on building the NTVDM.
For creating the release Installation-package, use mkrelease-haxm.bat 
(respectively mkrelease-minnt-haxm.bat for MINNT builds).


Usage/Installation
------------------
The NTVDM stops an IntelHaxm driver instance, if it detects one, as the original
driver doesn't offer the features required by NTVDMx64.
If there is a service named IntelHaxmNtvdm on the system, it tries to start it,
if not already running. 

So, first you have to take preparations to ensure that HAXM runs on your system.
See HAXM installation instruction page for details:
https://github.com/intel/haxm/blob/master/docs/manual-windows.md#testing-on-windows
Basically:
  * Enable VT-x in BIOS, if not present
  * bcdedit /set hypervisorlaunchtype off
  * bcdedit /set testsigning on
  * certmgr /add haxm\IntelHaxm.cer /s /r localMachine root

If the certmgr command just opens up a window and doesn't add the certificate, try
  * certutil -addstore "TrustedPublisher" /add haxm\IntelHaxm.cer
instead.


To use the modified HAXM driver, you can just use the installer in the 
release directory, that should install the driver with the name 
IntelHaxmNtvdm into the system and copy it to the drivers directory.

It is not recommended to install the WOW32 support, as it currently doesn't work
with HAXM build anyway.

If you do not want to install the driver to your system, you can 
load it manually by using the HaxmLoader.exe from HAXM project 
(then you don't need to install the driver into the system,
remove haxm directory from release folder in this case prior
to installation, so that it doesn't get installed).
  * HaxmLoader.exe -i X:\path\to\IntelHaxm.sys

If you receive error 3 or error 6 in Event log when tring to start IntelHaxm, 
double-check that your system is really capable of VT-x (or if you are testing in
a virtual machine, that it is enabled there in the processor features)
