HYPER-V support
---------------

This is an EXPERIMENTAL patch for NTVDMx64. It tries to speed up the VM by not
using the emulated CCPU, but instead using the Windows Hyper-V virtualisation 
features to run code.

Prerequisites
-------------
You need a Windows Version that supports the Hyper-V hardware virtualization
feature that can be installed via the Windows Features dialog.
Windows 10 and higher normally contain this optional feature. If you are
using other virtualization drivers like HAXM, you may not be able to install
Hyper-V at all, as it interferes with the other virtualizer driver.
The CPU needs to have the ability to run in UG (unrestricted guest) mode,
some old Intel CPUs may not be capable of this.

Limitations
-----------
Graphic output currently is a bit weird, depending on the application
(but some applications work), so it will only work properly with text mode 
applications. For the reasoning behind that, see "Limitations" in haxm.txt.

The performance improvements largely depend on the application, but at least
on some operations, we get better performance than with the slow CCPU (i.e.
testing datasets in a database, compressing files, etc.), however we still 
don't reach V86 mode 32bit NTVDM preformance. 

Compilation
-----------
The patches are applied automatically on execution of main patch.cmd
The only difference is that you have to run bld-whp-minnt.cmd on building 
the NTVDM.
For creating the release Installation-package, use mkrelease-minnt.bat 


Usage/Installation
------------------
First, install/enable Hyper-V in Control panel -> Software -> windows 
components and features, if not enabled yet.

On installation it tries to add your current user to the Hyper-V group
so that you are allowed to execute Hyper-V. If it didn't work during setup,
you can execute the hyperv\Setup-HyperV-User.cmd to add the user.

It is not recommended to install the WOW32 support, as it currently doesn't work
with WHP build anyway.

