Description of the necessary patches included in this package
-------------------------------------------------------------

8253.patch          - The 8253 Timer implementation of NTVDM has a bug in
                      Terminal Count mode (0): On overflow, it doesn't count
                      down from 0xFFFF but from reload reg, leading to hangs 
                      on apps that check for it. So handle mode 0 correctly.
appcompat.patch     - Enable AppCompat support (Compatibility shims)
callconv.patch      - Patches wrong calling conventions in host-code
ccpu.patch          - Patches the CCPU to compile on i386 and support Yoda
ccpu_regs.patch     - Adds functions to access registers from the CCPU 
                      externally from other modules requiring them.
ccpu_segperm.patch  - Patches a potential bug in the CCPU that causes
                      segment access permission to be set to 0 and not
                      restored on going back to realmode.
console.patch       - Fixes console startup bug that would otherwise not init
                      colors of console properly and would therefore cause
                      black chars on black screen.
comments.patch      - Adds back the fun to MINNT source where some lamers
                      removed all filthy comments and even the easteregg in 
                      YODA
cvdump.patch        - Not NTVDM-specific, but patches a >20 year old bug in
                      cvdump Visual C tool for dumping CodeView NB02 debug
                      info (Utility complains about invalid exe, even though,
                      exe is correct), also enhances hexdump to display text
cvidc.patch         - Patches the Video controller CPU to work in i386
cvidcheap.patch     - Speed up CVIDC video emulation by eliminating all the 
                      unnecessary slow heap operations.
debug.patch         - Adds some useful debugging settings to enable debugging
                      without needing to have master YODA in place.
declaration.patch   - In cdecl calling convention, prototypes of functions
                      without parameters are possible, but on Windows with
                      __sdtcall, this would cause linking errors.
                      This patch fixes wrong declarations.
dpmf.patch          - GetLongPathNameW signature is no good
dpmi.patch          - Patches to DPMI sourcecode (MINNT and old-src need to
                      use the same old DPMI code from old-src).
dpmimem.patch       - Patches DPMI default mem size to 16MB under DOS and
                      adds code to get requested DPMI memory size from .PIF
                      file, as well as a registry key to set global size of 
                      DPMI mem to get more than default (see readme.txt FAQ)
errmsg.patch        - Extension that allows user to suppress error message 
                      dialogs via registry setting.
ega_crash.patch     - Console graphics is required, as newer Windows display 
                      drivers with WDDM driver model do not support fullscreen
                      anymore. Some DOS programs, like i.e. Commander Keen 4, 
                      try to paint outside the screen boundaries which causes
                      crashes when not properly checked, so added checks for 
                      this.
emm.patch           - Fixes a little problem in the EMM-Manager
eyestrain.patch     - Commandline parameters like the hotkey to change video
                      size can't get passed to NTVDM in newer windows versions,
                      therefore, parameter is read from registry cpuenv key
framerate.patch     - Increase screen refresh rate so that Video graphics 
                      output is smoother and not so choppy anymore.
fixexe.patch        - It seems like the creator of the OpenNT package 
                      accidentally compiled the fixexe.c with a 32bit Compiler
                      instead of the DOS compiler which caused int data
                      type to be interpreted as 32bit, therefore fixexe.exe
                      tool trashes the MZ header instead of fixing it.
                      So wow16 makefile was adjusted to first create a valid
                      fixexe.exe tool. This is not original NT sourcecode patch
                      but just a bugfix for broken OpenNT fixexe.exe tool.
fpu.patch           - The FPU of the CCPU is optimized for MIPS/PPC 
                      architecture and not Intel i386. This patch fixes 
                      declarations for FPU-Type to compile on x86 systems.
gdpvar.patch        - The CCPU definitions copied over from CVIDC do not 
                      include some necessary state words, this adds them.
heartbeat.patch     - This prevents a freeze of the idle timer
include.patch       - Patches some missing includes
makefiles.patch     - This is a CRUDE HACK(!) for the Makefiles of NTVDM to
                      forcefully compile a CCPU (emulated) Version without
                      MONITOR on i386. We should definitely fix them, i.e. 
                      with a special makefile target for CCPU i386 build, but
                      for the time being, we leave it to this hackery.
mem.patch           - Fixes a hack that was done to the mem-command by 
                      Stephanos (not present in original NT4 source)
monitor.patch       - In a lot of #ifdefs, i386 is assumed to include V86 
                      MONITOR code from Kernel. As we want a CCPU-Only build,
                      change #ifdef i386 to check for MONITOR define in order
                      to be able to build V86 an non-V86 i386 builds.
                      -DMONITOR should be added to some makefiles for the V86
                      build then as a consequence to be able to do both builds
                      lateron, when crude makefiles.patch gets cleaned up.
mouse.patch         - Some DOS-applications define a mouse window above video
                      resolution via INT 33h/7,8 functions leading to wrong mouse
                      coordinates, as the grid is not scaled properly. This patch
                      tries to account for this.
ntvdmctl.patch      - Removes NtVdmControl calls not working on x64 Windows
ntmem.patch         - Prevent crash on access of DOS application to uncommitted 
                      memory
pcibug.patch        - Some stupid programs try to read PCI BIOS even though 
                      installation check fails. So set CF on PCI INT 1Ah calls.
sb.patch            - Crash fix for the lousy Soundblaster DSP emulation
sas4gen.patch       - Fix sas4gen CCPU header file
sas.patch           - Optimize SAS-interface for faster memory access, 
                      significantly speeding up i.e. text output on EGA emulation
spurint.patch       - Fix crash on spurious Interrupts
timers.patch        - Fix crash on startup caued by uninitialized timer 
                      defaults.
quicked.patch       - Disable Quick edit when entering DOS app or graphics mode
                      to prevent conhost-crashes
vdmredir.patch      - Some LAN Manager APIs for the VDM redirector have been 
                      ripped out in newer Windows Versions (Vista+?). Therefore
                      VDMREDIR.DLL was unable to load on newer Windows versions,
                      as DLL dependencies for functions I_NetNameCanonicalize 
                      and NetpNtStatusToApiStatus in NETAPI32.DLL could not be
                      resolved. So stub some VDM Redir functions like on Win7
                      32bit to make VDMREDIR.DLL loadable.
w10.patch           - Patches function calls that changed in later versions
                      of Windows so that NTVDM also works on Windows 10
                      and not only NT4 where source originates from.
w10_emm.patch       - x64 systems cannot allocate with 4k page granularity as
                      required by NTVDM, therefore use different EMS 
                      allocation functions on these Windows versions.
                      (Also see makefile-patches so that correct EMS-manager
                      code is used)
wow16.patch         - Updates the old WOW16 code that we have to a version that
                      works together with our WOW32 code. Lots of changes missing,
                      but basically works as long as we don't have newer code.
wow32.patch         - Hack WOW32 to be runnable on x64 Windows Versions without
                      proper scheduler support.
yoda.patch          - Fixes a few compilation problems of Yoda on i386 with CCPU